Update style-guide.md (#249)
w3c/dpv: code/style-guide.md

## Terms

1.  Term
    1.  Should be a continuous string of alphanumeric characters without spaces or special characters.
    2.  Is intended to be both machine and human readable.
    3.  Should be in English (UK) unless representing a specific concept where no alternative is possible or suitable.
    4.  For classes, should be in *PascalCase* (leading capital-case).

>     5.  For properties, should be in *camelCase* (leading small-case), with a suitable prefix expressing application or association, e.g. hasX or isY or forZ
>     6.  Use of 'and', 'or', or similar terms in labels is omitted from corresponding Term, e.g. 'X and Y' label has term as 'XY'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5.  For properties, should be in *camelCase* (leading small-case), with a suitable prefix expressing application or association, e.g., `hasX` or `isY` or `forZ`
    6.  Use of `and`, `or`, or similar terms in labels is omitted from corresponding Term, e.g., `X and Y` label has term as `XY`
```

Author: Your suggestions are now incorporated into the wiki. 

See: https://github.com/w3c/dpv/wiki/Style-Guide
